Update guides to reference new SCM properties (#160)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Displaying a User Interface/Adaptive Interface Capabilities/index.md

# Adaptive Interface Capabilities
## Designing for Different Head Units

> Since each car manufacturer has different user interface style guidelines, the number of lines of text, soft and hard buttons, and images supported will vary between different types of head units. The system will send information to your app about its capabilities for various user interface elements. You should use this information to create the user interface of your SDL app.

Author: This requested change isn't entirely true. Only display information will automatically be sent. Everything else must be requested.

> Since each car manufacturer has different user interface style guidelines, the number of lines of text, soft and hard buttons, and images supported will vary between different types of head units. The system will send information to your app about its capabilities for various user interface elements. You should use this information to create the user interface of your SDL app.

Reviewer: True, I was just trying to simplify the language in the introduction paragraph.

You may access these properties on the @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`SdlManager.systemCapabilityManager`!@ instance.

> ## System Capability Manager Properties

Author: 1. It includes things that aren't user interface elements, so I disagree.
2. Okay to the first part, but why would we scrub references to images and text fields?
3. I removed it entirely.

> ## System Capability Manager Properties

Reviewer: The new formatting is much easier to read. I agree that the RAIR shouldn't be in this section, however I do think we should add something in another PR on how to get the `vehicleType` from the RAIR.

| @![iOS]presetBankCapabilities!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]SystemCapabilityType.PRESET_BANK!@ | If returned, the platform supports custom on-screen presets. |

### Image Specifics
Images may be formatted as PNG, JPEG, or BMP. You can find which image types are supported in @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager.defaultMainWindowCapability.imageTypeSupported`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getDefaultMainWindowCapability().getImageFields();`!@. 

Because the head unit connection is often relatively slow (especially over Bluetooth), you should take care about the size of your images to ensure that they are not much bigger than they need to be. If an image is uploaded that is larger than the supported size, that image will be scaled down by Core. All image sizes are available from the @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager.defaultMainWindowCapability.imageFields[<#item#>].imageResolution`!@

> @![android, javaSE, javaEE]

Reviewer: Add the iOS code snippet here.

Author: Added

```java
ImageField field = sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getDefaultMainWindowCapability().getImageFields().get(<#index#>);
ImageResolution resolution = field.getImageResolution();
```
!@ 

> property once the connection has started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
!@

### Subscribing to System Capabilities

> In addition getting the current system capabilities, it is also possible to subscribe for updates when the head unit capabilities change. @![iOS]To get these notifications you must register using a `subscribeToCapabilityType:` method.!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]Since this information must be queried from Core you must implement the `OnSystemCapabilityListener`.!@ This feature is only available RPC v.5.1 or greater connections (except for DISPLAYS, which is backward compatible to RPC v1.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition getting the current system capabilities, it is also possible to subscribe for updates when the head unit capabilities change. @![iOS]To get these notifications you must register using a `subscribeToCapabilityType:` method.!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]Since this information must be queried from Core you must implement the `OnSystemCapabilityListener`.!@ This feature is only available RPC v5.1 or greater connections (except for DISPLAYS, which is backward compatible to RPC v1.0).
```
